Release new base pack (#33456)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_33_43.md

#### Scripts

##### SanePdfReports

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/sane-pdf-reports:1.0.0.90542*.

> - Fixed an issue where widgets reference line was not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a widgets reference line would not be visible.
```
